okay this is a picture of your face
before we started the program how long
had it been having problems like this
before we met about a year or anything
what have you tried at this time almost
everything my boy I've been to
dermatologist there can be different
kinds of prescriptions very expensive
prescription medication to outcome
remember the names of heaven I've been
to two different dermatologists and
nothing else okay and how did it make
you feel when you used to have act like
this terrible terrible I didn't like to
go out I didn't like to meet people
because I felt it was focusing on the on
the acne on my face and it was just half
of my face and it felt very bad okay
this was the before didn't close to me
visual with this and show the after now
how do you feel about your skin now oh I
feel good I feel very good I can
actually walk around without makeup on
my face feels very good are you glad we
didn't have to use oral medications for
this program yes I was surprised he
didn't have to right yeah what um what
would you tell someone who is still
suffering from acne who thinks that
there's nothing they can do and thinks
they tried everything because they
probably have tried many things we know
acne patients are very motivated what
would you tell them people have already
tried a lot of things and fail I'll to
come over here and try a regimen because
honestly when I first came he told me
the simple steps that had to take I
thought you were kidding I didn't
believe you man after the first week I
noticed the difference and you notice a
difference every day as you go along so
definitely to come over here and this is
not some notice he hasn't paid me to say
this i am telling you something that is
from my heart believe you me i tried
everything and it didn't work and this
word i'm very happy about this very nice
have you gotten any new pimples in a
long time no how many weeks out you
think since you had a single new bump oh
oh none i think the last was like three
months four months these dark marks were
seen on your face they were they were
really dark before and they're fading
correct yes and now we're going to try
to get them to fade some more we may
fall do another follow-up video for this
but i wanted to show the success
compared to the before yeah and i'm very
happy extremely happy about the results
I
you